Linters branch (#1)
mulugithub/Hello-Microverse: README.md

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

>   <img src="murple_logo.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />

Reviewer: Kindly take away the Microverse logo from your readme as you are required to personalize the readme file😉. alternatively, you can add your personal brand logo😉.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> This simple project bulit with HTML and CSS

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> The following are the key features of the application.

- **[Display only Hello Microverse with crimson color]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Click the live demo to access the application.

- [Live Demo Link](https://mulugithub.github.io/Hello-Microverse/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> Describe how a new developer could make use of your project.

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
git clone git@github.com:mulugithub/Hello-Microverse.git

### Install

Install this project with:
npm init -y 
npm install

### Usage

> To run the project, execute the following command:

Reviewer: Kindly avoid incomplete statements in your readme as they give it a less professional look and make it less easy for other users😉. Kindly add the right command required to use this project👍.

you can replace that with this instead😉.

```suggestion
To run the project, open the project using a live server from any code editor😉.
```

### Run tests

> To run tests, run the following command:

Reviewer: Kindly avoid incomplete statements in your readme as they give it a less professional look and make it less easy for other users😉. Kindly add the right command required to use this project👍.

since there's no test in this project you can take the section away or add N/A indicating that there's no test currently.

### Deployment

> You can deploy this project using:

Reviewer: Kindly avoid incomplete statements in your readme as they give it a less professional look and make it less easy for other users😉. Kindly add the right command required to use this project👍.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

> This project is authored by.

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/mulugithub)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/muluken-zemed-2b6a38167/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project give it star on GitHub

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Microverse

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

> _NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

Reviewer: These are template statement that guides the user on how the template should be used, so I suggest these statements are taken away to give your readme a more professional look👍.
